Website: Update handbook index to only show pages in the /handbook/company/ folder (#14701)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/README.md

### Product groups
Above and beyond the organizational chart, Fleet organizes cross-functional groups focused on particular business goals.  This helps product development teams move more quickly by eliminating roundtrips spent waiting for feedback and answers from people in other departments. Product groups include a designer, a product quality lead, developers, a product manager, and an engineering manager.  For more information, check out the ["Product groups"](./development-groups.md) page.

### Management
To understand the expectations of Fleet's leadership, read 📖[handbook/company/leadership](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/leadership).

### CEO

> Get to know Fleet's CEO and tips for collaborating with him in 📖[handbook/ceo](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/ceo).

Reviewer: Keep, but below the departments. (simpler for now)

> - [Customers](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customers): The Sales department is directly responsible for attaining the revenue goals of Fleet and helping to deliver upon our customers' objectives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sales](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customers): The Sales department is directly responsible for attaining the revenue goals of Fleet and helping customers deliver on their objectives.
```

Reviewer: will need to reorder if alphabetical

> - [Customer Success](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success): The Customer Success department is directly responsible connecting with and advocating for the community and customers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Customer Success](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success): The Customer Success department is directly responsible for connecting with and advocating for the community and customers.
```

> - [Engineering](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering): The 🚀 Engineering department at Fleet is directly responsible for writing and maintaining the code for Fleet's core product.

Reviewer: Move emojis to consistent spot for each bullet

> - [Product](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/product): The Product department is directly responsible for defining and prioritizing the changes made to the core product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Product Design](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/product): The Product Design department is directly responsible for defining and prioritizing the changes made to the core product.
```
